John: Thanks, everyone, for coming to this project meeting. I know we're all working cross-functionally on this project, but so far the key stakeholders are really pleased with how it's going. This project will really benefit our overall value proposition and the company as a whole.
Akiko: Thanks, John. It's an important project. It's good to be collaborating on this together.
Matteo: Yes, it's important, but we're all so busy with our regular jobs. It'll be difficult to fit things in.
John: It's OK, Matteo. We'll work it out. I know that you all have a lot on at the moment, combining this project with your regular jobs.
Barbara: So, what do we need to do, and by when?
John: Good questions, Barbara. We have a number of key deliverables to discuss so it's essential we're all in agreement about roles and responsibilities and also the timelines we're working to.
Akiko: Great.
Matteo: Yes, it's good to get this clear.
John: So, the first thing we need to do is design the customer survey questionnaire. In my experience, this is best done through an online survey tool.
Akiko: That sounds like a great idea. I'm glad you have experience with this.
John: Yeah, we've done something similar on previous projects.
Matteo: So will you do that, John?
John: I'd love to but I'm already tied up managing this project, and my line manager, Kate, has agreed that I should focus on the timelines, reporting and financial management. I'd like Akiko to lead on the questionnaire. You learned about this on your marketing and PR course, didn't you?
Akiko: Yeah, happy to take it on.
John: Thanks, Akiko. Next thing is we need the new designs finalised. Matteo, you said you could do this in a couple of weeks, right?
Matteo: Yeah, I know, but that was last month, and then nothing happened. I'm overloaded at the moment and my line manager won't be happy if I don't hit my targets. Sorry, but this project has to take lower priority.
John: Hmm. I see. I can understand the challenge you're facing. I've been in that situation before. So, what can we do to help you hit those targets and free up some time?
Matteo: That's a good question. If I could get a slight reduction in my targets, I could use the extra time that would create to finish the designs for this project.
John: OK. We might not be able to get your targets reduced, but I'll see what we can do.
Barbara: How about if I support Matteo there? I know his job well and I have some capacity at the moment. I can help him meet his targets so he can free up some time to finish the designs for this project.
Matteo: Could you, Barbara?
John: Hmm. I'm not sure if it's fair to ask Barbara to be supporting Matteo in his regular job so he can work on this project.
Barbara: It's up to you, but I'm happy to support Matteo with his regular work, just for a couple of weeks so he can create the designs. He's the only one with the expertise.
John: Yeah, you're right. OK, thanks a lot, Barbara. I appreciate it. Matteo, would that work for you?  
Matteo: Yes, that would work. Thanks. OK, you've made it easy for me to say yes.
John: OK, then that's settled. Thanks, both. I really appreciate your help in this. So, can you get them done by the end of the month?
Matteo: Yes, that should be no problem.

